You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's expanse. You pass many rooms and passages, each with their own twists, turns and destinations. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A massive granite door blocks your path. Strange writing is all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did something just move behind this door?
You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's secret passages. You pass various passages, most of which are far too ominous looking to try out. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A mysterious wooden door blocks your path. Various odd symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you.
You advance carefully onwards, deeper into the dungeon's secrets. You pass countless passages, some look awfully familiar, others stranger everything else. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A thick granite door blocks your path. Intricate carvings are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you.
You proceed onwards, deeper into the dungeon's darkness. You pass countless passages, most of which are far too ominous looking to try out. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A tall granite door blocks your path. Dried blood splatters are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. something just grabbed your shoulder.
You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's expanse. You pass many different passages, each seem to go on forever, leading to who knows what. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A big wooden door blocks your path. Strange writing is all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you think you can hear a whisper coming from behind the door.
You advance carefully onwards, deeper into the dungeon's expanse. You pass dozens of similar rooms and passages, some are dead ends, others seem to have no end at all. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. An enormous granite door blocks your path. Countless odd symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you.
You cautiously proceed onwards, deeper into the dungeon's secret passages. You pass various different rooms and countless passages, some look awfully familiar, others stranger everything else. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. An immense wooden door blocks your path. Dire warning messages are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did somebody just knock on the door?
You slowly march onwards, deeper into the dungeon's mysteries. You pass countless passages, some are dead ends, others lead to who knows where, or what. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A huge wooden door blocks your path. Dried blood splatters are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you think you can hear a whisper coming from behind the door.
You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's depths. You pass dozens of similar rooms and passages, they all look so similar, this whole place is a maze. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A tall granite door blocks your path. Countless runes are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. is that a scratching sound coming from behind the door?
You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's depths. You pass many rooms and passages, each with their own twists, turns and destinations. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A massive granite door blocks your path. Ominous symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear a faint laugh coming from behind the door.
You proceed onwards, deeper into the dungeon's secret passages. You pass countless passages, most lead to nowhere or back to this same path. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A mysterious metal door blocks your path. Ominous symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. light's coming through the gap below the door.
You press onwards, deeper into the dungeon's secret passages. You pass a few more passages, some of them have collapsed, others seem to go on forever. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A vast metal door blocks your path. Ash and soot is all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did somebody just knock on the door?
You advance carefully onwards, deeper into the dungeon's shadows. You pass various passages, some look awfully familiar, others stranger everything else. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A massive granite door blocks your path. Dire warning messages are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. is that a scratching sound coming from behind the door?